Hello and welcome today
I want to show you how to chick
prepared in tomato mozzarella for this
we need about 500 to 600 grams
packet for the 350 g peeled tomatoes
chopped fresh parsley 2
small-cut toe garlic small
cut chive and about 2
pack of mozzarella
we take our little ones here
sliced chicken fillet it and
roast for about a minute
every page briefly
when that's done we pack the
here on the plate
the whole thing will be integrated now
and now I have a bit of oil here
and brush here this little form
therefore a
I'll put it on a small cut
tomatoes really nice that we all
is covered
then I take here our chicken fillet
and distributes them here too in the form
then I take about two tablespoons here
salt and two tablespoons of pepper spread
the whole on the chicken then comes
here our 2 cloves of garlic still added
and our parsley and chives
and then our peeled tomatoes
then they go again here the
mozzarella cheese and spread it too
again beautiful here
So I have the grill for about
ten minutes really nice heated
By giving our form and partner the
on the grill and then we close that
whole for 20 minutes and put the
Grill at the lowest level
So the whole thing was after 20 minutes
I have a few things up here
Ik on leaves here now
again the leaves and serve the
sauce
There is also a great aroma
and then we close the lid
time for 20 minutes after 20 more
minutes it looks like this
the cheese is already good to walk
that is already really delicious me
would say that's done that's it
whole on the plate so me
cut that again here with the
reproducing for you here
by that a bit so you can see
that has become really soft so
really worth it to do yes
I only say good appetite and a lot
fun while copying